Update symfony service/controller declaration about Symfony DI (#563)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/modules/concepts/controllers/admin-controllers/_index.md

```php
// modules/your-module/src/Controller/DemoController.php

namespace MyModule\Controller;

use Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider;
use PrestaShopBundle\Controller\Admin\FrameworkBundleAdminController;

class DemoController extends FrameworkBundleAdminController
{
    private $cache;
       
    // you can use symfony DI to inject services

>     public function __construct(CacheProvider $cache)

Reviewer: May I suggest to make 2 different examples for this ? 😄 it might be confusing for people to see the example with the methods being used (Symfony DI and fetching services from container)

I can do it if you want 😉

Author: done

You have access to the Container, to Twig as rendering engine, the Doctrine ORM, everything from Symfony framework ecosystem.
Note that you must return a `Response` object, but this can be a `JsonResponse` if you plan to make a single point application (or "SPA").

> In order to use symfony DI you need to declare some yml config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want Symfony Dependency Injection to inject services into your controller, you need to use specific YAML service declaration:
```

Also, I think it only works since 1.7.7 ? 🤔 might be worth it to mention it

Author: just tested with @pablopolyte it seems to be working fine on 1.7.6

Reviewer: So it's unrelated to "controllers as services" 😄 good news !
